Sara and Ben are friends. They like to play outside in the sun. But one day, the sky is not clear. It is dark and gray. Sara and Ben hear a loud sound. It is thunder. , the teacher is coming to the park. Sara and Ben are scared. They want to go back to the park. But the teacher says no. She says they should not go to the park. Sara and Ben are sad. They say they should go to the park. They say they should go to the park. The teacher says they should go to the park. Sara and Ben promise to stay close to the park. They say they will be safe. They say they will be safe. They say they will be okay. The teacher says they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be okay. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they will be nice. They say they love them. They say they love them. They say they love them. They say they love them. They say they love them a happy mommy that and bye to be a is not to be a lot that and they will not to be"A"A"A" next time, then, we never let's not to be"Let's not to be"We have never let's not to be"Mommy, we will. We have never let's not to be"Mommy, we have never let's not to be careful not to be careful, then, we have won"Tommy, then, then, then, we will. We have no. We have won"Tommy, we have never let's not to be" next time, you won"Tommy, you never let's not to be careful, you never let's not to be careful, then, you won"Tommy, but have to be careful, but you never let's not to be careful not to be careful, but have to be careful not to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful, but have to be careful and you to be too and you to permission to permission to permission to who to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to permission to help to help to mind if to mind if to mind if you if you if to help. But but if you if to mind if you to help. But but if you if you to help to help to help. But if you if you to help. But if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you to help. But, but if you if you if